Teams apps in Outlook and Office preview content (#4554)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/m365-apps/extend-m365-teams-personal-app.md

---
title: Extend a Teams personal tab app across Microsoft 365
description: Extend a Teams personal tab app across Microsoft 365
ms.date: 11/15/2021
ms.topic: tutorial
---

> # Extend a Teams personal tab across Microsoft 365 (preview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Extend a Teams personal tab across Microsoft 365
```

Author: Updated in next commit

> [!NOTE]

> > Features included in preview may not be complete, and may undergo changes before becoming available in the public release. They are provided for testing and exploration purposes only. They should not be used in production applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Extend a Teams personal tab across Microsoft 365 is currently available only in [public developer preview](../../../resources/dev-preview/developer-preview-intro.md). Features included in preview may not be complete, and may undergo changes before becoming available in the public release. They are provided for testing and exploration purposes only. They should not be used in production applications.
```

Author: Updated in next commit.

> Personal tabs provide a great way for developers to enhance the Microsoft Teams experience. Using personal tabs, a developer can provide a user access to their application right within Teams, without the user having to leave the experience or sign in again. With this preview, personal tabs can light up within other Microsoft 365 applications. The following tutorial demonstrates the process of taking an existing Teams personal tab and updating it to run in both Outlook desktop and web experiences, and also Microsoft Office Home (office.com).

Reviewer: Global: Please address developers as "you"

```suggestion
Personal tabs provide a great way to enhance the Microsoft Teams experience. Using personal tabs, you can provide a user access to their application right within Teams, without the user having to leave the experience or sign in again. With this preview, personal tabs can light up within other Microsoft 365 applications. This tutorial demonstrates the process of taking an existing Teams personal tab and updating it to run in both Outlook desktop and web experiences, and also Microsoft Office Home (office.com).
```

## Configure Content Security Policy headers

[Just as in Microsoft Teams](/microsoftteams/platform/tabs/what-are-tabs), tab applications are hosted within ([iframe elements](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe)) in Office and Outlook web clients.

If your app makes use of [Content Security Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy) (CSP) headers, make sure you are allowing all of the following [frame-ancestors](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/frame-ancestors) in your CSP headers:

|Microsoft 365 host| frame-ancestor permission|
|--|--|
| Teams | `teams.microsoft.com` |
| Office | `*.office.com` |
| Outlook | `outlook.office.com`, `outlook.office365.com` |

## Update AAD app registration for SSO

Azure Active Directory Single-sign on (SSO) for personal tabs works the same way in Office and Outlook [as it does in Teams](/microsoftteams/platform/tabs/how-to/authentication/auth-aad-sso), however you will need to add several client application identifiers to the AAD app registration of your tab app in your tenant's *App registrations* portal.

> 1. Sign in to [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) with your sandbox tenant account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign in to [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) with your sandbox tenant account.
```

1. Open the **App registrations** blade.
1. Select the name of your personal tab application to open its app registration. 

> 1. Select  **Expose an API** (under *Manage*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select  **Expose an API** (under *Manage*).
```
